
wh-labels.cgi(1)                 BSD General Commands Manual                wh-labels.cgi(1)

NAME
     wh-labels.cgi -- Label pull requests.

SYNOPSIS
     wh-labels.cgi

DESCRIPTION
     This CGI script is a Github webhook that, when a pull_request.open event
     is received, will:

     o   Label the pull request depending on its contents.

     The commenting business should be pretty straightforward; the labeling
     criteria is the following:

     o   If the pull request contains any .java, .jsp, .jspf, or .xml file,
         then the label backend review needed will be assigned.

     o   If it contains .js, .css, or .html files, then the label
         frontend review needed will be assigned.

     o   If there are any files with the .macro, .path or .testcase then the qa
         review needed label will be used.

     o   If there are any files with the names ci.properties or test.properties
         then the qa review needed label will be used.

     o   If the user who opened the pull request is within the ./wh/users file
         no labels will be added.

     Note that the label behavior will change depending on the contents of the
     .wh/labels/ and the .wh/file-name-labels/ directories and ./wh/users file.

FILES
     wh-labels.cgi uses restricted services of the Github REST API. Access to
     these services require a user token, that must be saved in the .wh/whtoken
     file.  For example, if wh-labels.cgi will act in name of the user 'foo'
     with token 'abc', the contents of the file will be 'foo:abc' - user name
     and token separated by a colon. This token must be in its own line, with no
     blanks other than the final newline.  The file must not contain anything
     else.

     To assign the labels, wh-labels.cgi will examine the set of files stored in
     .wh/labels/.  Any file there will be taken as a label (i.e. the name of
     the file will be the name of the label).  Each of these label files must
     contain the set of extensions that will trigger that label assignment
     (this extension must not contain the dot).  Each extension must be in its
     own line.

     To assign the labels, wh-labels.cgi will also examine the set of files
     stored in .wh/file-name-labels/.  Any file there will be taken as a label
     (i.e. the name of the file will be the name of the label).  Each of these
     label files must contain the set of file names that will trigger that label
     assignment (the file name must contain the extension). Each file name must
     be in its own line.

     No label will be added if the user opening the pull request is found in
     the .wh/users file, where each user which should be skipped should be added
     in a separate line.


AUTHORS
     Adolfo Perez Alvarez <adolfopa@sdf.org>

BSD                             April 11, 2022                             BSD
